greetings everyone Laszlo Montgomery
here again thanks for downloading the
China history podcast episode for this
week we're going to look at the third
emperor of the Ming Dynasty today if you
recall in the last episode the home rule
emperor the founder of the Ming Dynasty
carelessly created a situation when he
passed away in 1398 his son the Crown
Prince died in 1392 rather than pick the
next eldest son Judy the home rule
Emperor picks the eldest son of the
deceased Crown Prince and once the home
rule Emperor passes from the scene the
grandson takes over as the jinhwan
Emperor the eldest living son of the
deceased Home Rule Emperor Judy he's not
too pleased with this decision and as we
will see he ends up usurping the throne
after a four-year civil war so last week
we looked at the Ming founder Zhu
Yuanzhang
the Home Rule Emperor and this week we
look at his son Judy who reigns for 22
years from 1402 to 14 24 and is known as
the young Emperor and also as the
choong-soo Emperor or Ming Chang soo
will refer to him in this episode as the
Yola Emperor it's quite a story these
few years when the grandson now reigning
as the jinhwan Emperor played this
deadly game with his uncle Judy the
jinhwan Emperor he wasn't bad or
anything it said that the open rift
between the two all started when Prince
Judy came to Nanjing to pay his respects
to his recently deceased father the holy
will Emperor he came with a whole armed
entourage that the Emperor's people saw
as potentially threatening and after all
it was no secret that the handing off of
the succession like he did the home rule
Emperor had created this rift between
the grandson jinhwan Emperor and his son
the prince of yin Judy both grandson and
son they had legitimate claims so when
he shows up at the palace with all this
muscle in tow the jinhwan Emperor he
threw down the gauntlet and the Emperor
had his guards bar their entry in fact
Judy was even prohibited from visiting
his father's tomb so now everything was
out in the open between these two and
may the better man win
the gen1 Emperor then began to take
political measures to diminish the
Prince of yin he abolished all these
Prince tones that were led by many of
the sons of the deceased Emperor and
this move undermine Trudie who was the
prince of yin yin was the area around
Beijing uh the gym when Emperor's idea
was to get rid of all these princes and
fill the spots with his loyal generals
so Judy is basically outgunned out mand
and he retreats to regroup so he
assembles enough generals and loyal
supporters to make his move and then in
January 1402 he's strong enough he
marches on Nanjing and to make a long
story short he takes Nanjing and the
Imperial Palace
goes down in flames along with the
genuine Emperor or did it they never
found his body or that of his Empress
who perished together with him so our
hero
Judy 42 years old he takes the throne
and after finally getting the chance to
pay his respects before his father's
tomb he declares himself Emperor and the
young era begins he had a lot of mopping
up to do China was not in very good
shape remember the last year's of Hong
Wu saw all kinds of rebellion and unrest
and the gen1 Emperor for his four years
on the throne he was too busy sparring
with his uncle Judy so he couldn't get
the Ming house in order
either the young Emperor went above and
beyond the call of duty to root out all
jinhwan Emperor loyalists and there were
quite a few there's this famous story of
the jinlun loyalist
Fung shall rue who had served as the
Royal tutor to the jinhwan Emperor so he
refused to cooperate with the young
Emperor from the get-go
being one of the top-ranked Confucian
scholars of his day he was called upon
by the Emperor to write a kind of
inaugural address for his coronation
so function rule he refused and for this
insult to your love refusing in the name
of his loyalty to jinhwan to take this
honor to write this address he was given
the ultimate penalty yeah he was given
the Julie and Joseph this means the
continuous elimination of nine tribes
this punishment was reserved for the
most heinous of crimes on a national
scale treason would be an example it
involved the execution of the entire
family of an individual going back many
generations the relatives were
categorized into nine groups in the old
Chinese system there are nine kinds of
family guanxi and relationships and this
pretty much patrilineal e that is covers
the link between the
great-great-grandfather all the way down
to the great-great grandchildren
so when function rule was given this
penalty not only was he executed and
we'll get to that a second others went
down with him included his living
parents grandparents as children all his
grandchildren as well and they were
included in this penalty whatever
siblings he had they too had to pay the
ultimate price for their brothers
treason
whatever uncles he had as well as their
spouses they too got caught up in this
net in a final act of defiance when the
Emperor handed down his sentence that he
suffer this harsh penalty involving the
nine exterminations as it was called he
spat back at the emperor more told soup
fun this translates roughly to don't
stop at nine why not ten tribes so for
this function rule loyal to his fallen
jinhwan Emperor to the last was given
the good old yo-jong or severing the
body in half at the waist and as the
legend goes as he lay dying on the
ground
he took his finger and dipped it in his
own blood and wrote the sixteen stroke
character tongue on the ground the
character for the word usurper ouch take
that young Emperor well for good measure
the Emperor took Fung to his word about
you know why not another tribe an
additional tenth
and rather than exterminate more of his
family the emperor took him to his word
and he went after all his students
colleagues and friends instead it said a
total of 873 people were executed in
toto
for function ruse act of defiance to the
young Emperor the young Emperor he did a
little revision to the history of his
time he went and had all references to
the genuine emperor taken out of the
record and destroyed all official trace
of his four years on the throne were
sanitized as if the whole thing never
happened and to account for those four
years when the young Emperor did not
reign the reign of the deceased home
Emperor's father was increased by four
years so that on paper at least the
young love era was the successor to the
Helu era and so things began for this
emperor with this little instance of lys
majesty
the third Ming Emperor he reigned for
twenty-two years
14:02 to 1424 he's known for his
expansionist activity sponsoring the
voyages of Admiral chunka his five
campaigns against the Mongols that he
led personally and for being a strong
hands-on monarch who exude strength
confidence his obsessions included
expansion into Mongolia Korea and
southward into Vietnam as well as a
lusting for prestige amongst his Asian
neighbors particularly those from
Southeast Asia and all the coastal
kingdoms that rim the Indian Ocean he
instituted a very extravagant tributary
system and in fact juncos voyages and
this whole passion the Emperor had for
this tributary system were both
interrelated he moved the imperial
capital from his father's beloved
Nanjing to the site of the former
dynasty capital of thathoo which had
been renamed bei ping and now the Yola
Emperor renamed this city Beijing bei
the third tone means north and Jing
first tone means capital and none second
tone means south so nanjing southern
capital beijing nor
in capital and if you look at the kanji
for the city of Tokyo the Japanese
pronounce it Tokyo but in Mandarin these
characters are pronounced dong Jing
first town first town dome means East
so don't Ching means eastern capital
which the Japanese pronounced Tokyo he
had a lot of reconstruction to do and
the young Emperor immediately said about
creating a dream team of scholars of the
Confucian tradition of course his father
hadn't left things in the best state and
the four-year civil war didn't help if
there was one thing you could say about
this Emperor he really took the words
carpe diem to heart not a minute of his
day was ever wasted he was a tireless
ruler administrator and as I said he led
armies into battle as Emperor as a
builder of public works young love
definitely earned his stripes he carried
out massive reconstruction to the
severely degraded Grand Canal remember
the Grand Canal which ran from Beijing
south to hangzhou was built during the
Sui dynasty during the reign of the
father-son Emperor's Wendy and yang Dee
it had been 800 years since it was
completed in 609 so it was probably in
need of some heavy-duty maintenance the
young Emperor also called for the
construction of a building known as the
porcelain Tower or porcelain pagoda of
Nanjing was 267 feet high 97 feet in
diameter it was a nine story octagonal
shaped pagoda made from porcelain bricks
with intricate facings of green yellow
and brown white ceramic tiles it was
decorated from top to bottom with
Buddhist images during the day the Sun
shone off the glazed bricks and at night
a hundred and forty lanterns were hung
that beautifully illuminated the
building in its time it was admired by
visitors to the capital and became sort
of an iconic site in China however in
the eighteen hundreds it was struck by
lightning that blew off the top three
floors and later during the Taiping
rebellion which we'll be hearing about
when we
the next dynasty in China first the
Taiping rebels destroyed all the
Buddhist images and then they destroyed
the interior spiral staircase with its
hundred and eighty-four steps they did
this to ensure the Ching government army
did not use the tower as an observation
post by 1856 it was destroyed in the
porcelain pagoda one of the seven
wonders of the medieval world was gone
for good
or is it in 2004 the Nanjing municipal
government in a bid to enhance Nanjing
is a tourist destination earmarked six
hundred million RMB little over 90
million u.s. dollars to rebuild this
ancient structure from the ground up not
finished yet as far as I know but I
can't wait to see it next time I'm in
Nanjing one more trophy and he young
Emperor's Hall of Fame would be the
Forbidden City he was the one who
championed the whole idea of creating an
all-inclusive city within a city where
the Emperor and his family could live
work and play and the entire
administration of the Ming Empire could
be centrally managed this was the sujean
Cheung or the Forbidden City we'll do a
podcast on this topic later on this year
one of the earliest achievements was the
young encyclopedia this was written
between 1403 and 1408 remember he became
Emperor in 1402 so this young yen when
it was written was the largest and most
comprehensive of its kind
now 1408 mind you the Italian
Renaissance is in gear but it's only the
time of Cosimo de'medici and all the
great stuff that happened under Piero
and Lorenzo de Medici is still decades
away so this great work
the young encyclopedia compiled by 2,000
scholars contained over 8,000 works
going back to the Bronze Age of China
there were just under 23,000 Scrolls
each scroll being one chapter and the
total volumes of the Encyclopedia were
eleven thousand ninety-five written by
hand on these Scrolls was a grand total
of 370 million characters the topics
were you know what you might generally
expect in and
cyclopdia of course with the Internet
these great and cyclopdia quirks are
somewhat obsolete but if you can
remember the days before the internet
and I know it's hard to remember life
without Google Yahoo and AOL but before
then a set of encyclopedias was the
database and the search engine was your
hands in your brain this young learn
cyclopdia was like a mini Library of
Alexandria all in one single work
unfortunately less than 4% of the
encyclopedia survives to this day a mere
400 volumes out of 11,000 95 something
this massive couldn't be blocked printed
back then so there was only the original
and that was it nothing else existed I
mean supposedly there was a second one
written but no solid evidence on that a
third copy was commissioned after the
only surviving copy narrowly missed
getting destroyed in a palace fire
during the reign of the Qing Emperor by
the time of the late 19th century only
eight hundred volumes remained and of
that half were destroyed during the
Boxer Rebellion in 1900 you can go to
the National Library of China the jungle
gorgeou to Xu Guan and there you can see
what remains of the young love
encyclopedia bits and pieces of it are
scattered around the world and various
private collections and museums but more
than half of what remains as you can see
in the National Library in Beijing he
equally supported all three of the great
religions of China Buddhism Taoism and
Confucianism he was also a supporter of
Islam and there were two mosques built
in China during his reign in Nanjing and
Xian that still stands to this day in
1403 the Emperor announced he was going
to send a fleet of ships to the
countries of the Western ocean to
accomplish such a task on the scale to
match the young Emperor's ego a massive
shipbuilding operation was set up on the
Cinque River where it meets the Yangtze
at Nanjing and this became the
shipbuilding center of China and China
at least during the time of this Emperor
sailed the most preeminent fleet in the
world
now let's look at the man that the
emperor puts in charge of this project
which was massively expensive its whole
raison d'tre was to blow the people
away who were in China's orbit this
basically included the peoples of
Southeast Asia
Persia the Middle East and Central Asia
as well as the civilizations of India
and the east coast of Africa the young
Emperor wanted to bring the might and
the cultural superiority in everything
that was great about China to all these
far-flung places the desired outcome for
every mission was to get these kingdoms
States or whatever to agree to sign on
and pay tribute to the Ming Emperor and
they would become like vassal states and
participate in this annual tribute
system where they would prostrate
themselves before the Ming Emperor once
a year bring gifts and then they would
be showered with many many more gifts
than what they themselves had presented
this was all part of the ritual of
course China being the big brother in
these relationships they had to shower
these tribute bearing missions with much
more than what they would offer to the
Emperor so anyway Jung huh he was born
maava in 1371 if you recall from the
last episode he was a young boy who was
captured in Yunnan when the whole
emperor was battling to bring the last
remnants of China into the Ming Dynasty
fold Yunnan was one of the last places
to be brought back into China and in the
fight
young Maha was captured and brought back
to the capital he was a Muslim of
Persian ancestry upon his capture he was
made a eunuch and ended up serving the
Ming Emperor young look maahes
relationship as a trusted ally of the
Emperor was solidified after he helped
put down remnants of the defeated
jinhwan Emperor it was the young Emperor
who gave him the name Chun ha in total
there were seven voyages six of them
ordered by jung-hwa and a seventh
ordered by the Shinda Emperor a
successor to jung-hwa who passed in 1424
actually there was a brief reign of the
home.she emperor who
put an end to the voyages but he only
lasted a year and when the Shinda
emperor took over he called for a
seventh and final voyage and was during
this voyage that junka died and was
buried at sea but it was the young
Emperor who is credited with being the
force behind these great voyages six of
the voyages occurred between 1405 and
1421 and the last one under Shinda was
in 1431
now not only was this mission to fly the
flag show off China's superiority and
bring in tribute missions it was also a
manhunt for the jinhwan Emperor who was
probably killed in the fire that burned
down the palace but as I said his body
was never found and the Emperor always
had this nagging obsession that maybe he
was still alive and perhaps living in
exile gathering his strength to come
back and claim the throne
so besides Wow in the peoples of
Southeast Asia India
Rabia Africa youngja was also on these
voyages keeping his eyes open for any
trace of the possibly escape to genuine
Emperor the first voyage took Admiral
chunga's fleet to Vietnam and then on to
Java Malaysia the Maldives and the east
coast of India from Calcutta down to the
East Coast in Kerala State and to salon
which of course is now called Sri Lanka
this area was known as the western ocean
today we know it is the Indian Ocean the
second and third voyages were about the
same as far as what ports were called at
on the fourth fifth and sixth voyages
the fleet went as far as Aden and the
Straits of Hormuz Yemen Somalia Kenya
and other East African cities since the
records for these last two voyages were
purposely destroyed it is unknown
whether the legends are true that
junghwa's fleet went as far as Iran in
all more than 30 different kingdoms were
visited he sailed in a variety of
different kinds of ships most legendary
and spectacular of these vessels were
the so called treasure ships or baochuan
none survived today and there is no
solid irrefutable evidence
of their size and construction what has
come down to us our descriptions of them
and from what we know at least these
ships were 450 feet long and about a
hundred and eighty feet wide this would
make them the largest ships by far of
their time more than twice as long as
the largest 16th century European ships
junghwa's massive treasure ships had
nine masts and four decks that could
hold 500 passengers crew with plenty of
space to hold cargo Marco Polo himself
said in his account of his travels that
he had seen these ships and that they
could hold 500 to a thousand passengers
of the 300 ships in chunga's fleet 62 of
them were categorized as these treasure
ships again we have no solid evidence of
their massive sizes but even if we take
it as a given that there is some degree
of exaggeration these were still the
largest vessels sailing the seas in the
15th century the first six voyages were
almost continuous beginning from 1405 in
other words as soon as junk returned he
didn't stay long and was off again for
another voyage however after the sixth
voyage ended in 1422 there was a long
time in between the sixth and the
seventh voyage eight years in fact
passed before Jung hood took his final
adventure to the western ocean in like
the space shuttles of today they were
enthusiastic supporters and enthusiastic
detractors the more conservative
Confucian aswer first among the groups
who were dead set against all these
voyages with all their potential
unintended consequences and new ideas
they might bring in plus they were
aghast at the cost indeed these voyages
were extravagant and wasteful in a way
other than all this amazing prestige
China received from these kingdoms who
came in contact with these fleets it
didn't lead to any significant income
into China and it never led to any
territorial expansion though that was
never the purpose of these seven voyages
mostly it was all about the young
emperor spreading the word about China
and reveling in the total pleasure of
being bowed down to and presented with
strange
valuable and exotic gifts and scientific
curiosities from representatives of
kings from faraway lands no doubt a good
deal of geographic data was accumulated
over the course of the journeys and the
young the Emperor of Ming China no doubt
felt a sense of immense satisfaction
knowing that all these visiting tribute
missions were affirming the Chinese
concept of universal subordination under
heavens Sun there's a steel or steely
you know one of those stone slabs with
some inscription written on them that
was erected in the city of food Cho in
Fujian province that says of junka that
he was quote to go to the foreigners
countries and confer presence upon them
so as to transform them by displaying
our power while treating distant people
with kindness unquote you may have seen
or heard about a book by a chap named
Gavin Menzies called 1421 the year that
China discovered the world it contends
that juncos fleets visit to the new
world predated that of Columbus in 1492
this was one controversial book and
though it did well as far as book sales
went it's it has been savaged by China
historians as a work of pure fiction
and then once Yolo goes this itch to
carry on these costly and on spiring
expeditions was abruptly halted the
treasure ships all sat in Port in China
and just simply rotted away and as far
as the jinhwan Emperor who may have
escaped the talons of the young Emperor
he they there was never any trace of him
found anywhere so these voyages they
came to a crashing end in 1433 and they
were never again any follow-up voyages
made all records regarding the seven
voyages were destroyed under orders from
the war ministry and it wasn't until
1567 that these restrictive trade laws
were repealed and that was it China
closed the door right at the
very very moment in history when the Age
of Exploration was just about to take
off big time in his China lay dormant
and looking inward England Holland
Portugal Spain France they all took to
the Seas and built these trading empires
on multiple continents one of the
legacies of these voyages was that all
along the routes navigated by these
vessels Chinese settlements began to
establish themselves throughout
Southeast Asia particularly in Malaysia
Indonesia in today millions of watch our
overseas Chinese live in these
settlements created five six hundred
years ago there's one other interesting
thing about the reign of the young
Emperor and this was his attempts to
invade conquer and hold on to Vietnam
the parallels between China's experience
during the two decades from 1407 to
14:27 and America's experience in the
1960s a lot of striking similarities so
while the young la Emperor was busy
doing all these other big projects like
fighting the Mongols and rebuilding the
country's infrastructure improving the
administration sending jung-hwa out on
these voyages he would also spend pretty
much his entire reign dealing with
Vietnam the Lee dynasty in Vietnam had
an uneasy relationship with China they
fought with the song to a truce and
there was relative peace but the Lee
dynasty was overthrown in 1225 and there
began the tran dynasty aside from having
to fight off the mongols not once but
three times the tran dynasty established
a period of relative peace and
prosperity they acknowledged Song
Dynasty China's suzerainty for the sake
of convenience and under duress they did
the same thing with the Mongol Yuan
Dynasty but after the Ming came to power
Vietnam or die yet as it was called with
Champa down in the south they felt
enough was enough and they stopped
kowtowing to the Chinese so to make a
long story short there was a diplomatic
incident and Yola sends 215,000 true
to invade Vietnam when 1407 the Ming are
victorious and UNAM is annexed to China
and renamed Chao jure province but not
for long
all it took was a little popular unrest
in some heavenly inspiration from the
drone sisters for the Vietnamese to rise
up against their Chinese masters or
oppressors the drone sisters of course
were famous for their role in
overthrowing the Kahn dynasty and
kicking them out of Vietnam the drone
sisters no doubt gave plenty of
inspiration to the Vietnamese over the
centuries but here was the problem
the Vietnamese rebels who are trying to
win their country back and kick China
out of Vietnam and get them to retreat
north from where they came from the Ming
artillery weapons were just too powerful
for and their numbers were too high to
overpower and you know conventional
battle so after 13 years of guerrilla
warfare fighting in the jungles and
mountains they finally wore down these
mean troops who just had such a
difficult time and this just wretched
tropical climate I mean you see in mid
14 20s there rose a guy named lay low in
Vietnam now he ended up founding the
later ladyness tea but in fourteen
eighteen he assumed leadership of the
cause to rid Vietnam of the Ming troops
so he removed the last Tran Emperor and
set himself up along the way as his
Emperor and he couldn't he couldn't
defeat the Ming head-on so it was jungle
guerrilla warfare which I am sure was as
unpleasant back then as it was in modern
days and a small sidebar emperor lai lai
was a great inspiration centuries later
to a guy known as win Ike WAP and more
commonly known as Ho Chi Minh so by the
Year 1427 during the reign of the Shinda
Emperor the Ming were finally and very
soundly defeated and that was the end of
their Vietnamese adventure many tried
and many failed over the centuries to
conquer and hang on to Vietnam the young
Emperor he died on August 12th
14:24 during one of his military
campaign
this one in the north against the Tatars
he died in what is today Inner Mongolia
and was brought back to Beijing where he
had just moved to three years earlier
after spending ten years building the
Forbidden City in this whole new capital
so next time you see a picture of the
Forbidden City think of this Emperor
young look and next time you're in
Beijing you can actually visit his tomb
the Chung Ling which is the oldest and
largest of the thirteen ming tombs just
north of Beijing I visited them in 1980
and along with the Great Wall the 13
tombs the sure sign Ling are one of the
top tourist attractions when you are in
Beijing we're going to stop here with
the death of this emperor and pick up
next week with the final two centuries
of the Ming Dynasty and providing that I
am able to consolidate these final 220
years and twelve Emperor's into the next
episode we will that last arrived at the
Manchu Qing Dynasty the last dynasty of
China
anyways let's cross that bridge when we
come to it that's all for today I have
to go online right now and look for mr.
ray Harris jr. of the history of world
war ii podcast if you're interested in
world war ii and who isn't
check out rays show either in the itunes
store through his website at WWE RI Icom
backslash blog ray invited me on his
show to discuss the long march of 1934
1935 so i encourage you to check out his
World War two history podcast show out
he's got a lot of rave reviews and
iTunes and so from a wet and rainy
Claremont California this is once again
Lazlo Montgomery wishing everyone around
the world the very best we'll see you
next week I hope for another exciting
episode of the China history podcast